et language presents everything you need
to know about IELTS indicator hello and
Alex from e2 language I've been finding
out all about the IELTS indicator test
and I took it myself so that I can tell
you everything you need to know about
the IELTS indicator let's go I'll tell
you what it is who accepts it how you
can prepare for it
I'll tell you about my own indicator
experience and give you my best advice
for taking the IELTS indicator so what
is it the IELTS indicator is an IELTS
test that you take at home it's an
official IELTS product and your work is
scored by official IELTS examiner's it's
a full computer delivered test you do
the listening reading writing in one
sitting just like in the real exam and
you take your speaking test 101 with an
examiner using zoom it's not held as
regularly as the real IELTS tests and
it's held at specific times in fact the
same time all around the world just once
or twice a week at the moment diodes
indicator is for academic IELTS only
there is no indicator version for
general IELTS and it's available only in
countries with no active IELTS centers
so what that means is if you can take
the real Isles in your country the paper
delivered or the computer delivered and
a test centre then
IELTS indicator is not available to you
you get your results in a week or just
under seven days it costs one hundred
and fifty US dollars and there are some
technical requirements that you'll need
to check on your computer and you need
to download and install an SCV
which means a safe exam browser this is
something that just locks your computer
down when you log in all of that
information is on the IELTS indicator
website follow the link below so that's
all good but here's the big question who
accepts it and this has changed
dramatically in recent weeks and
increasing number of universities and
colleges are accepting indicator scores
as
of your language proficiency you can
find the full list on the IELTS
indicator website here just jump on
IELTS indicator comm and click here who
accepts IELTS indicator and organized by
country from Australia all the way down
to Rebecca Stan once you click on your
country you'll see all the colleges and
units that are currently accepting IELTS
indicator even if your university is on
that list I do want to recommend that
you contact them directly just to make
doubly sure that there's not another
language test that you need to take or a
language course that you need to take
prior to starting your degree or your
post-grad on to preparation now how can
you prepare for the IELTS indicator well
the good news is you're probably already
preparing for it
so the Isles indicator is simply a
computer delivered IELTS test taken at
home so just like preparing for paper
delivered or computer delivered you need
to know the task types you need to know
what happens in listening part 1 part 2
part 3 part 4 what kind of questions are
you gonna get what methods are you going
to use to answer those questions
effectively and efficiently in terms of
writing the same rules apply you need to
know what to expect you need to know
what the examiners want from you all of
the usual IELTS preparation applies to
IELTS indicator if you are an e2
language student you are already ahead
of the rest when you log in on e to
language comm you can find everything
you need for your IELTS preparation if
you want to study on your own click on
the course material here and you can
work through all the different sections
as well as vocabulary there's a part
down here course skills where you can
work on your grammar if you want to
study with me or one of the other 82
language teachers come along to our live
classes you can see we have one two or
three every day simply click on the
class you want to attempt and register
that easy we've also got one-on-one
tutorials fever
on your writing and speaking small group
classes that's one teacher and up to
five students and it's also the IELTS
mock test let me tell you a bit about my
own indicator experience a teacher we
always want to give you the most
up-to-date and reliable information so
we contacted IDP and asked for a sample
indicator test which I took now i've
already covered in detail the experience
with our e to language members but i
will tell you some of the basic stuff
that you need to know
number one is you do need to check that
your computer complies with the
technical requirements you can do that
before you book your test number two all
the information that you need will be
emailed to you and you need to read that
email and follow the instructions for
instance they will send you an email
with instructions about downloading and
installing the safe exam browser you
need that on test day so you should
install it a few days before I do that
and tested it out so on test bait I
wasn't in a rush or stressed
third thing I want you to know is that
your speaking test is one-on-one via
zoom and you need to be ready they will
tell you the time for example 2:00 p.m.
on Wednesday and you need to be sitting
at your computer ready to go with your
camera with your microphone because you
get your zoom link like one minute
before your test starts and when the
test begins you need your passport which
you hold up to the camera and then it
starts so there's no time for technical
problems or fluffing around or chitchat
you get straight into it
so you should know what happens in part
1 2 & 3 of the speaking test it's
exactly the same except you're doing it
over the computer and at the end that's
it the examiner says goodbye the meeting
is over now I want to give you the same
advice for taking the listening reading
writing part of the test and it's in
that order listening and reading then
writing again you need to be ready to go
the timer the system however it works
starts exactly on the times of mine was
5 o'clock 5 o'clock it began the
listening test so maybe 10 or 20 minutes
before
your test login make sure that you are
safe exam browser it's working make sure
you've got everything that you need make
sure your family the cat the dog are
somewhere else they're not going to
bother you or two and a half hours
because as I said once it starts it does
not stop if you need to go to the
bathroom you can do that but not in the
listening section because you can't
pause the audio in terms of your scores
I got mine seven days later I think
that's the maximum so you should expect
them under seven days and what scores
did I get I'll share that with you here
they are I got nine but everything 8.5
for writing not too bad but I would have
liked to score a nine in that one if
you're interested in the topics that I
had we covered that in the e2 language
debrief session you can find it in the
recorded class section of your IELTS
course on e to language calm so having
researched the test and having taken it
myself here are my final pieces of
advice for you first of all check that
indicator is actually offered in your
country like I said if you have an
active IELTS test Center in your region
the indicator will not be available then
confirm that your university or
organization really accepts IELTS
indicator results and that you don't
need to do anything else
to enroll check that your computer meets
the requirements according to the
indicator website find the link in the
description below and make sure you
prepare prepare like it is the real exam
because if your university accepts
indicator scores then the indicator is
the real exam for you I strongly
recommend taking the e to Marcus it's
part of your package if you have Express
plus power package bronze silver or gold
on e to language or you can add it on
for forty nine US dollars that gives you
the full computer-delivered
test experience including a face to face
zoom speaking test and that's it that's
everything you need to know about the
IELTS indicator all of the links I
mentioned are in the description below
make sure you like share subscribe and
come and join us at you to language we
have classes every day led by teachers
like me we can check your writing for
you we can do a speaking test with you
you can answer all of your questions get
in touch come and join us
ear to language comm see you there
[Music]